how do i get cowboy paint off a dog
Welcome to the citadel of eternal wisdom. Behold, this crystal contains the sum of all human knowledge -- Except Rap And Country
icant come to work today.. on account of JERRY DUTY *SHoves every seinfeld disk into dvd player at once*
'im not owned! im not owned!!', i continue to insist as i slowly shrink and transform into a corn cob
"Is Wario A Libertarian" - the greatest thread in the history of forums, locked by a moderator after 12,239 pages of heated debate
see this watch? i got it by Crying. my car? crying. my beautiful wife? Crying. My perfect teeth? Crying. now get the fuck out of my office
another day volunteering at the betsy ross museum. everyone keeps asking me if they can fuck the flag. buddy, they wont even let me fuck it
how come a baby born with a foot in its brain is considered a "Miracle Baby" but when I get my dick stuck in a drawer im just some asshole
"jail isnt real," i assure myself as i close my eyes and ram the hallmark gift shop with my shitty bronco
THE COP GROWLS "TAKE OFF TH OSE JEANS, CITIZEN." I COMPLY, REVEALING THE FULL LENGTH DENIM TATTOOS ON BOTH LEGS. THE COP SCREAMS; DEFEATED
the doctor reveals my blood pressure is 420 over 69. i hoot & holler outta the building while a bunch of losers try to tell me that im dying
strongest blade in the world, howeve,r it is so fragile as to shatter when handled by any force other than the delicate touch of a lesbian
IF THE ZOO BANS ME FOR HOLLERING AT THE ANIMALS I WILL FACE GOD AND WALK BACKWARDS INTO HELL
who the fuck is scraeming 'LOG OFF' at my house. show yourself, coward. i will never log off
oh nothin, i was just buying some ear medication for my sick uncle... *LOWERS SHADES TO LOOK YOU DEAD IN THE EYE* who's a Model by the way
"This Whole Thing Smacks Of Gender," i holler as i overturn my uncle's barbeque grill and turn the 4th of July into the 4th of Shit
if your grave doesnt say "rest in peace" on it you are automatically drafted into the skeleton war
its the weekend baby. youknow what that means. its time to drink precisely one beer and call 911
it is with a heavy heart that i must announce that the celebs are at it again
the wise man bowed his head solemnly and spoke: "theres actually zero difference between good & bad things. you imbecile. you fucking moron"
blocked. blocked. blocked. youre all blocked. none of you are free of sin
awfully bold of you to fly the Good Year blimp on a year that has been extremely bad thus far
drunk driving may kill a lot of people, but it also helps a lot of people get to work on time, so, it;s impossible to say if its bad or not
joke's on you; i actually love being body slammed by one dozen perfect wrestlers. and my mouth isn't filled with bloodm, it's victory wine
the numa numa man just bougt a $70million house and im here at the library trying to photocopy a fruit roll up
koko the talking ape.. has been living high on the hog, wasting our tax dollars on high capacity diapers. No more. i will suplex that beast
do not be afraid to talk to that lonely boy on the train ... with the rosy red cheeks, sun glasses & big cigar... he just mmight be... angel
the jduge orders me to take off my anonymous v mask & im wearing the joker makeup underneath it. everyone in the courtroom groans at my shit
its fucked up how there are like 1000 christmas songs but only 1 song aboutr the boys being back in town
Politic's is back baby. It's good again. Awoouu (wolf Howl)
so long suckers! i rev up my motorcylce and create a huge cloud of smoke. when the cloud dissipates im lying completely dead on the pavement
user named " beavis_sinatra " has been terrorizing me since 2004, by sending me pictures of cups that are too close to the edge of the table
girls always love to telling people not to" Mansplain", but they do not care of, "Man's Pain"
trying to heal..... please donate to my go fund me... $10 will make me less racist... $100 will make me extremely less racist...thank you...
the human mind... perhaps the most powerful weapon. second only to the "GUN"
look, im not saying that martin luther king jr was a gamer. that would be ludicrous. im simply saying that if games had existed at the time,
reading a 900 page book on Dry Rubs and immediately forgetting all of it and just dumping a shit load of cocoa pebbles on my ribs
i lvoe and cherish all of the girls of this site, and other websites. you all become my wife more and more with each passing day. Thank you
people come up to me and say, "I will never use the bathroom. I will never shit" and i gotta tell them pal, sooner or later youre gonna shit
turning a big dial taht says "Racism" on it and constantly looking back at the audience for approval like a contestant on the price is right
revealing the gender of my baby by eating a whole bunch of food dye and taking a huge pink shit in front of my relatives. ah!! its a girl !!
im stupider then dog shit, i dont give a shit, and i dont give a fuck, and i will never shut the fuck up, and i'll always Respect my enemys
my favorite feature of this site is absolutely no consequences for my opinions sucking ffucking ass and me being 100% wrong about everything
im afraid i must say that i do not find the mysteries featured on "scooby-doo" challenging enough
i hate i t when girls think im proposing whenever i take the knee at them in protest
my friend the only crypto currency you wanna get your hands on is this: bird seed. There is a lot of birds and they all gotta eat
ove when i lose aobut 100 followers immediately after making a beautiful post. the weak shriveling up into dust. Thats called darwin
i regret to inform you, that by resorting to Swear language, you have forfeit this debate. Farewell my bitch
just need to say, to anyone reading this.. You are Important, You are loved, and You belong in this world, if you have over 5000 followers
go ahead. keep screaming "Shut The Fuck Up " at me. it only makes my opinions Worse
i would take so many bribes if i was a judge. half my shit would be bribes. take bribes from the criminals until theyre too poor to do crime
im not going to post about taking shits or shitting anymore . i Condemn all of my previous posts about shitting and asses
just found out about Object Permanence... why didnt any one tell me about this shit
Im the only man here who injects himself with a CIA Grade Truth Serum before each and every post i make. Remember only that
i think it would be fucking stupid to be a fat ass caterpillar and have your entire body be made out of weak points
the entire time youre watching the movie 101 Dalmatians, youre just thinking, This is so many more dalmations than usual. It is just fucked
theres a popular nursery rhyme in which the singer claims to be a teapot. this, for many children, is their first experience with "Trolling"
playing the worlds most normal sized violin
Buffalo wild wing gets $0 tip for serving "Bones" to me in chicken, if i had wanted to eat bones i would take my Ass to the grave yard
they are going to start calling the damn gas prices "Gasp prices" because thats what i do when i see then
i deserve th e most mentally ill president imaginable. 99 year old babbling doofus. Send us into the volcano sir
ive flattened the curve over 100 times. what have you pricks been doing
every generation deserves at least 5 movies named "Spider Man 2"
guys who get off on being humiliated used to expose themselves at the grocery store or something. now they pretend to be journalists on here
one thing the gamer world is certainly agreeing of, is that halo infinite is sure to be the highest numbered halo game yet
i would rather go fuck my self than read one more post on the bird websitw
thinking about a "Cock Ring" for the neck that strangles all the blood into your brain and gives you what is essentially a mental erection
should i learn Letters first? or choose the path of Numbers? a queston every baby must ask it self
how about instead of drop the ball on new years we drop the damn gas prices for onve
society is so much fucking Bitched .....
no heaven or hell when you die, everyone is just herded into a room with a big scoreboard saying which person blasted the most Cum
you call this shit rotisserie chicken? I bet this shit hasnt even rotated 1 time in its entire life,
(suddenly becoming very somber) no Woman should have to pay over $10 for a Brassiere
i really dont care what Yankee Doodle did when he went to town. His toxic fanbase tells me everything I need to know about him
Bad news folks! i waited in line for 16 hours to see the queen. But by the time i got there she was fuckin DEAD!!!!!!
ripleys suck my dick or not
if you drop a chicken cutlet on the floor it absorbs all kinds of dirt & particles that make it undesirable. Thats sort of how AI works